Add initial continuous testing docs (#17134)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/continuous-testing.adoc

and pull requests should be submitted there:
https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/tree/main/docs/src/main/asciidoc
////
= Quarkus - Continuous Testing

include::./attributes.adoc[]

:toc: macro
:toclevels: 4
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:docinfo1:

:numbered:
:sectnums:
:sectnumlevels: 4

Learn how to use continuous testing in your Quarkus Application.

== Prerequisites

To complete this guide, you need:

* less than 15 minutes
* an IDE
* JDK 11+ installed with `JAVA_HOME` configured appropriately
* Apache Maven {maven-version}
* The completed greeter application from the link:getting-started[Getting Started Guide]

== Introduction

Quarkus supports continuous testing, where tests run immediately after code changes have been saved. This allows you to
get instant feedback on your code changes. Quarkus detects which tests cover which code, and uses this information to
only run the relevant tests when code is changed.

== Solution

Start the link:getting-started[Getting Started] application (or any other application) using `mvn quarkus:dev`. Quarkus
will start in development mode as normal, but down the bottom of the screen you should see the following:

> ----

Reviewer: I think you need proper source blocks to get this properly formatted on the website so you should add `[source]` before the block.

----

These are explained below:

[r] - Re-run all tests::
This will re-run every test

[f] - Re-run failed tests::
This will re-run every failing test

[b] - Toggle 'broken only' mode, where only failing tests are run::
Broken only mode will only run tests that have previously failed, even if other tests would normally be affected by a code
change. This can be useful if you are modifying code that is used by lots of tests, but you only want to focus on debugging
the failing one.

[v] - Print failures from the last test run::
Prints the failures to the console again, this can be useful if there has been lots of console output since the last run.

[o] - Toggle test output::
By default test output is filtered and not displayed on the console, so that test output and dev mode output is not
interleaved. Enabling test output will print output to the console when tests are run. Even when output is disabled
the filtered output is saved and can be viewed in the Dev UI.

[p] - Pause tests::
Temporarily stops running tests. This can be useful if you are making lots of changes, and don't want feedback until they
are all done.

[i] - Toggle instrumentation based reload::

> This is not directly related to testing, but allows you to toggle instrumentation based reload. This will allow dev mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not directly related to testing, but allows you to toggle instrumentation based reload. This will allow live reload
```
You use live reload in the other items so better be consistent.
